How to Deploy an AWS Lambda (#144)
okteto/docs: src/content/enterprise/administration/custom-installer-image.mdx

---
title: Custom Installer Image
description: Use a custom installer image to deploy your Development Environments

> sidebar_label: Custom Installer Image for your Deployments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sidebar_label: Custom Installer Image for your Pipelines
```

id: custom-installer-image
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

You can specify a custom installer image to deploy your Development Environments. Use this if you want to use tools, frameworks, or custom configurations not included in the [default installer image](https://github.com/okteto/pipeline-runner).

## Requirements

To use the Custom Installer Image feature, you first need to create your own Docker image, and push it to a registry that can be accessed by your Okteto instance.

### Defining the Custom Image

> When creating your image, we recommend that you extend the from [the latest version](https://github.com/okteto/pipeline-runner/releases) of the default pipeline runner image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating your image, we recommend extending the image from [the latest version](https://github.com/okteto/pipeline-runner/releases) of the default pipeline runner image.
```

Your image can include anything that you need when deploying Development Environments for your organization. The example below shows you how to include `wget`:

```
FROM okteto/pipeline-runner:1.0.0

RUN apt-get upgrade && \
  apt-get install wget
```

### Build and Publish the Custom Image

Once the image has been defined, build it and push it to your container registry. 

```
docker build -t YOUR_COMPANY/pipeline-installer:1
docker push YOUR_COMPANY/pipeline-installer:1
```

## Configure your Custom Image

To enable the custom image, update your `config.yaml` file with the following values, and run a [helm upgrade](https://okteto.com/docs/enterprise/install/upgrade/#upgrade-your-okteto-enterprise-instance) to apply the new configuration.

```yaml

> backend:

Reviewer: I would like to move this under the `installer` section, but let's go with this. We will do that change backward compatible
